Update ci-cd-azure-dev-ops.md Added links to Microsoft docs on secrets (#5931)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 12/umbraco-deploy/getting-started/cicd-pipeline/ci-cd-azure-dev-ops.md

The final step (#5) is Umbraco Deploy specific - to call a function defined in the PowerShell script and trigger the extraction. Replace `ApiSecret` with `ApiKey` if you're using the deprecated API key setting instead.

{% hint style="info" %} 

> The Microsoft docs contains useful information, if you are unsure on how to set secrets for your pipeline:
> [Set secret variables](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/process/set-secret-variables?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml%2Cbash)
> 
> [Protecting secrets in Azure Pipelines](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/security/secrets?view=azure-devops)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Microsoft docs contain useful information, if you are unsure of how to set secrets for your pipeline:
* [Set secret variables](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/process/set-secret-variables?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml%2Cbash)

* [Protecting secrets in Azure Pipelines](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/security/secrets?view=azure-devops)
```
